what anime should i watch today?
who the hell is PDRsan?
man his videos suck!!!
go back to your country asshole!!!
alright now let's watch some Free!
i love your videos PDRsan!!! what editing software do you use???
no reply....maybe he didn't get my comment
let's leave another one to be safe
what editing software do you use?
why the hell won't he reply
you stuck up piece of shit!!!
hey guys it's me PDKsan of PDKKabushikigaisha
today i'm going to be reviewing this rusty cutter
why doesn't anybody watch my video???
and why does this PDR douche have more views than me???
die fuckface!!!
man work sucked today...
let's watch some youtube
fuck you how dare you make money from something you like doing!!!!
there's a new PDR video up
dislike
die asshole
and my work is done for today
Please give me a thumbs up if you enjoyed the video(^-^)b